doc/references.md, before:

<!--
   SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2001 Monaco F. J. <monaco@usp.br>
  
   SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0-or-later

   This file is part of SYSeg, available at https://gitlab.com/monaco/syseg.
-->

USEFUL REFERENCES
 ==============================

 This is a non-exhaustive list of online references with information of  
 interest for system software developers, including manuals, tutorials,   
 specifications and other useful resources.

 Manuals
 ------------------------------

 GNU system tools

 - cpp (preprocessor)	https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/cpp/
 - gcc (compiler)		https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc
 - as (assembler)		https://sourceware.org/binutils/docs-2.40/as/index.html
 - ld (linker) 		https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/ld 
 - libc (c library)	https://www.gnu.org/software/libc/documentation.html
 - make (build autom.)	https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/
 - binutils		https://sourceware.org/binutils/docs-2.40/binutils/index.html

 - ar, objdump, readelf, nm: see binutils


 Tutorials
 ------------------------------

 - x86 Assembly Guide

   by  Quentin Carbonneaux, based on David Evans' original document.

   A very concise, yet fairly complete tutorial featuring  Registers, Memory and
   Addressing modes, Instructions, and Calling Convention. Good as a quick
   reference for programmers.

   https://flint.cs.yale.edu/cs421/papers/x86-asm/asm.html

 Specifications

 ------------------------------

 - Intel® 64 and IA-32 Architectures,
   Software Developer’s Manual
   Volume 3A:
   System Programming Guide, Part 1

   https://www.intel.com/content/dam/www/public/us/en/documents/manuals/64-ia-32-architectures-software-developer-vol-3a-part-1-manual.pdf

 - TECH Help
   Lots of technical details of BIOS and DOS, by Crone and Rollings (Flambeux Software Inc.)

   http://www.techhelpmanual.com/


 Demonstrations
 ------------------------------

 Personal blogs and websites
 ------------------------------

 - PC real-mode 

 The Starman's ream https://thestarman.pcministry.com/


 Lore
 ------------------------------

Commit message:

Doc: add entries in doc/references.md

doc/references.md, after:

<!--
   SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2001 Monaco F. J. <monaco@usp.br>
  
   SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0-or-later

   This file is part of SYSeg, available at https://gitlab.com/monaco/syseg.
-->

USEFUL REFERENCES
 ==============================

 This is a non-exhaustive list of online references with information of  
 interest for system software developers, including manuals, tutorials,   
 specifications and other useful resources.

 Manuals
 ------------------------------

 GNU system tools

 - cpp (preprocessor)	https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/cpp/
 - gcc (compiler)		https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc
 - as (assembler)		https://sourceware.org/binutils/docs-2.40/as/index.html
 - ld (linker) 		https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/ld 
 - libc (c library)	https://www.gnu.org/software/libc/documentation.html
 - make (build autom.)	https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/
 - binutils		https://sourceware.org/binutils/docs-2.40/binutils/index.html

 - ar, objdump, readelf, nm: see binutils


 Tutorials
 ------------------------------

 - x86 Assembly Guide

   by  Quentin Carbonneaux, based on David Evans' original document.

   A very concise, yet fairly complete tutorial featuring  Registers, Memory and
   Addressing modes, Instructions, and Calling Convention. Good as a quick
   reference for programmers.

   https://flint.cs.yale.edu/cs421/papers/x86-asm/asm.html

 - X86 Opcode and Instruction Reference

   http://ref.x86asm.net/index.html

   http://ref.x86asm.net/geek.html#x00
  
 Specifications

 ------------------------------

 - Intel® 64 and IA-32 Architectures,
   Software Developer’s Manual
   Volume 3A:
   System Programming Guide, Part 1

   https://www.intel.com/content/dam/www/public/us/en/documents/manuals/64-ia-32-architectures-software-developer-vol-3a-part-1-manual.pdf

 - TECH Help
   Lots of technical details of BIOS and DOS, by Crone and Rollings (Flambeux Software Inc.)

   http://www.techhelpmanual.com/

 Quick References
 ------------------------------

 - x86 Instruction Set Reference

   https://c9x.me/x86/

 Demonstrations
 ------------------------------

 Personal blogs and websites
 ------------------------------

 - OSDEV.org (the canonical reference)

   https://wiki.osdev.org/Main_Page

 - PC real-mode 

   The Starman's ream https://thestarman.pcministry.com/

 - RandallHyde.com

   Lots of texts about low-level programming, including the famous

   very detailed book "The Art of ASSEMBLY LANGUAGE PROGRAMMING"

   https://randallhyde.com/#Main

 


 Lore
 ------------------------------
